This page is meant to collect whatever wild or less wild ideas people have, be it story, engine or gameplay. To make clear who wrote the message use <nowiki>-- ~~~~</nowiki> at the end to automatically insert your name and date. You can use : at the start of a line to indent if you want to answer somebody.

== Fist Fights ==

The game is meant to take place on a rough outerspace colonie on a distant planet, so its more or less natural that conflict arises at times, a bit of fist fighting could help resolve that. The fight system should probally implemented as a mix of something like having a uppercut, a face punch and a belly punch and a block (in form of high, middle, low), either the animation itself should give hints on the oponents actions or DDR/Viewtiefull Joe like explizit markers.

-- [[User:Grumbel|Grumbel]] 17:07, 2 Jul 2005 (BST)

== Traveling between Planets ==
Traveling between Planets should happen in this:

http://pingus.seul.org/~grumbel/tmp/windstille-shuttle.png

shuttle. A smaller dropship might be used to carry the player from one mission to the next

-- [[User:Grumbel|Grumbel]] 17:07, 2 Jul 2005 (BST)

== Mining Minerals ==

The collonie will mine some minerals. One idea could be that these minerals could be used as fuel/energie source. Gameplay wise this could be used so that:

* the player can recover energie from collecting minerals
* minerals can detonate when you shoot on them

== Cargo Ship ==

Every few weeks/month a cargo ship comes and collects the minerals:

[http://clanlib.org/~grumbel/testrepo/4e33a6db520bc12e4b1a5bfa4a5f918c/renders/0d46b68a4f2e87b0c402132c8089a70b.jpg Cargo Ship]

-- [[User:Grumbel|Grumbel]] 20:09, 2 Jul 2005 (BST)

== Some History ==

Project report
Colony #: 003456-A
Company: Inviro Mining
Manager: Nicholas Nantu
Date: 2468-03-23

The first ships have landed on the planet and have begun to setup the initial
industries. The colonists have established 3 prime cities and have named the
planet Windstille.

As per our preliminary reports the planet seems abaoundant in plant and animal
life as well as rich in mineral deposits.

***CONFIDENTIAL***
We have already issued orders to our group on the planet to claim as much of
the land as they can before the others come.

There however seems to be a base for pirates established on the planet. We will
keep this information hidden for the time being. NOTE: We should hire a merc
to solve this problem for us asap before it get's well known or out of hand.

Current recommendation: DENY any and all pirate rummors.

Our scouts report a spider like creature in the forrest that seems to be
sentient. This is not desired since that would require us to re-locate to a
different planet due to the colonisation laws.

Current recommendation: hire a mercenaries to eliminate any and all sentients native to the planet.

Mineral deposits secured(so far): gold, silver, platinum, uranium and an unknown mineral that seems to be highly concentrated with energy.

---CONFIDENTIAL---

--[[User:Ruskie|Ruskie]] 16:26, 3 Jul 2005 (BST)

== Different History - Different Plot-take ==

Our hero's location is a Moon designated SYS3991 3-1.  Located rather closely to a Gas Giant, piloting to the planet has always been difficult, but the Gas Giant protects the moon with it's large magnetic field from dangerous rays emmited by the local sun.  The planet was found to be execellent from a source of minerals, but the magnetic field interferred with regular communications with the planet, marking it unsuitable for normal human colonization.  The planet became marked as a frontier planet where the Goverment would only vest interest in the gathering of important minerals, and so long as there was a regular ship delivering materials, the goverment would not get involved within the way the planet was actually run.  The self formed goverment of the planet is loosely based on the companies that come and mine the planet.  The first company formed was the called the "Local Miners Union."  Since than many companies have come and gone, bringing various technologies to the planet, but the Local Miners Union has stayed strong through out.  A local militia formed that basically helped companies rid themselves of any wildlife and creatures that interferred with their businesses.  The companies did not feel that a powerful militia was in their best interests, leaving the militia not so well funded.  The militia had to survive using old miners equipment that companies would leave behind when they left.  With the help of the recycling plant, they would modify the mining suits for use more in line with their work.  The head of the militia was a man named Donovan. 

Jane (our hero) was born on this planet, and was orphaned as a child when her parents where killed in a mining accident. The circumstances of her parents death had always been kept secret from her.  Yagor, the owner of the local recycling shop took her in as he usually did with any children left as orphans.  He and Jane grew a special bond between one another.  Delilah, another child left orphaned by the same accident also came to stay with Yagor.  Delilah, while tough, was also always manipulative, and her and Jane never got along.  Delilah was jealous of Jane and Yagors relationship.  At the age of 16, each girl went out on her own.  Jane joined the Local Miners Union.  Delilah joined the militia with the help of Yagor.

At the age of 20, Delilah stayed behind on a mission due to a case a pneumonia.  While on the mission, everyone else in the militia was killed (Militia was around 30 people).  Everyone's body was recovered except for Donovans.  Once the militia was gone the companies on the planet decided not to try to rebuild a new one.  They felt that most of the planet had been tamed, at that only a few people where needed in order to battle any local wildlife.  They therefore set up a mercinary system, where companies would just request help and pay per incident, instead of a yearly (or whatever) fee.  Delilah quickly fell into the roll of everyone's favorite merc.

At the age of 21 Jane was not happy with her life.  Mining was in no way satisfied her.  She saw the success that Delilah was having as a merc, and during her off hours started modifying her mining suit with the help of Yagor.  At 22 she took her first job as a mercenary, and by the time she was 23 she was doing it full time.  Now at the age of 25, her and Delilah are known as the best mercs in the business, and competition between them has been getting stiff as of late.  2 weeks ago Jane broke her foot.  Now she's doing Physical Therapy to help her recover.

Some Ideas on seperate stories that can be used:

The local space goverment SYS3991 is in high need of titanium (or whatever).  Therefore they are offering a tax break on the company that produces the most titanium within a year.  This tax break counts across the whole galaxy, so companies that have never even entered the sector are on there way to start mining at SYS3991 3-1.  With these companies is coming new technology to the planet.  As people in these companies die, they recycle the new technologies, giving Jane (and Delilah) new power-ups to their suits.  The companies at first ignore each other, but after a while start offering merc jobs that interfere with one another's business.  This is not the first time this has happened, we find that the goverment made a similar deal 20 years ago.  At that time, merc jobs where offered against other companies, just the same.  We than come to find that Donovan used to do these types of missions.

The recent mining has upset the semi-sentient Regalis.  The Regalis have been attacking companies on the barriers for a while now.

A new semi-sentient species (called the Verpasis) has been discovered, due to the recent mining.  They seem to be a spinoff of the Regalis species, except that they live deep within the planet.  The species seems to exhale a chemical that causes scary hallucinations within humans.

3 mercs have shown up that work for one of the companies.  They have very good equipment, and often talk with Jane.  They do not seem to be antagonists to her, but they clearly want her to stay out of their way (which she respects as a fellow merc).

In the end we find that Donavon is still alive.  He found the Verpasis 5 years ago, and discovered the properties of the chemical that they exhale.  He ended up killing all the other mercenaries and then flying off the planet to find someone interested in using the chemical as a weapon.  That company got the local space goverment SYS3991 to start the tax break contest in order to build a mine in disguise to really export the chemical created from the Verpasis.  It is also found that Donavon was the one who killed Delilah and Janes parents.

I'm sure we can add more to this.

--[[User:24.14.62.112|24.14.62.112]] 06:49, 4 Jul 2005 (BST)